Feature/write mesh control (#2281)
ExtremeFLOW/neko: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Develop

> - Add option for writing the mesh in every output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added an option for writing the mesh in every output field file.
```
